hey everyone this is just gonna be a
quick unboxing video of this game which
is the ultimate red ball challenge which
is the official game of BBC One's Total
Wipeout in case you didn't know I was
buying this game that is the reason why
I'm buying this game Richard Hammond I
love him to death so yeah I bought it so
it's just like an episode so why how
it's even introduced by Richard himself
and then it's hard to do this with a
lion then I can turn the light off in
the middle of recording anyway so you
can do the red balls and everything this
is ultimate red ball challenge and then
yeah it must be called something else
somewhere else
total death bridge I know that if shiny
then we have the
overly interesting so you get to pick
your character which is quiet and there
we go that's my unboxing video of
ultimate red ball challenge on the Wii
thank you for watching and I will see
you later they